UI/UX Hackfest announcement (#3244)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2020/05/2020-05-12-uiux-hackfest-announcement.adoc

There will be link:/events/online-hackfest/2020-uiux/#tracks-and-project-ideas[3 main tracks]:

* **User Interface** -
  Improve look&feel and accessibility for Jenkins users;
  work on new read-only interface for instances managed with configuration as code;
  create and update Jenkins themes;
  and many other topics.
  This track is coordinated by the link:/sigs/ux/[UX SIG].
* **User Documentation** -
  Improve and create new link:/doc/book/[user documentation], link:/doc/tutorials/[tutorials] and link:/solutions/[solution pages].
  Also, there is ongoing documentation migration from Wiki to jenkins.io and plugin repositories.
  This track is coordinated by the link:/sigs/docs/[Documentation SIG].
* **Spread the word** -
  Write user stories for link:https://jenkinsistheway.io/[Jenkins Is The Way] site and the link:/blog[Jenkins blog],
  post about your Jenkins user experience and new features,
  record overview and HOWTO videos, etc.
  This track is coordinated by the link:/sigs/advocacy-and-outreach/[Advocacy and Outreach SIG].

We are working on publishing project ideas and issues for the listed tracks.

> The current list can be found link:/events/online-hackfest/2020-uiux/#tracks-and-project-ideas[here],

Reviewer: It's more accessible to see what a link is rather than 'here'

```suggestion
The current list can be found on the link:/events/online-hackfest/2020-uiux/#tracks-and-project-ideas[UI / UX hackfest event page],
```
